[Music]
what your smile says about your
personality your smile is a powerful
thing
sure it lets others know whether or not
you're having a good time but it's not
just good for reflecting your feelings
or mood your smile tells a whole story
about your personality the state of your
health and so much more don't forget to
click the subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life what kind of smile
do you have different types of smiles
are associated with certain personality
traits see if any of the following apply
to you a Gabby smile is often perceived
as a sign of sensuality especially when
the gap is between the two front teeth
according to Justin Klaus a the founder
of actualized dental clinics a front gap
has been linked with a passionate nature
ever since the Middle Ages it's also
associated with beauty and fertility in
countries like Nigeria nambia and Ghana
and people there are ready to get
cosmetic dental procedures to achieve it
prominent canine teeth usually indicate
dominance and super confidence in fact
if you flash your fangs when you smile
this can be a sign of not just perceived
but real dominance clinical psychologist
dr. Helen McCarthy says that the more of
your canines you reveal the more
dominant you seem you have a gummy smile
if the gum line above your top teeth
becomes visible every time you laugh or
smile this makes you look childlike and
cute as a result people tend to trust
you right away an overcrowded smile is
that typical Hollywood smile some lucky
people are born with it while others
have dental procedures to achieve it it
basically means all your teeth are in
line and touching each other this sort
of smile is usually associated with
success and perfectionism
what does your smile say about you
overall
your smile can also give away some other
peculiarities of your character your
health condition and even how successful
you are in your love life
are you affectionate and outgoing or
quiet and reserved extroverts tend to be
my de Leeuw while shy types prefer to
hide their smile behind closed lips if
you want to give the impression of an
outgoing person try a big smile it'll
show that you're ready to open up how
successful are you going to be in a
relationship a 2009 study published in
the journal motivation and emotion found
a connection between the way people
smiled in their youth and their marital
status later in life the researchers
found lower divorce rates among those
who smiled more in college
as for tight-lipped individuals the
study found that 25% of them had their
marriages end in divorce
how healthy are you a healthy smile can
often mean a healthy body and vice versa
if you have problems with your gums
you're likely to be a risk of a
respiratory heart and kidney disease at
least that's what a 2009 study published
in the journal obstetrics and
gynaecology states this connection may
be related to the impact gum disease can
have on your inflammation levels are
your anxiety levels elevated if you find
yourself in a state of anxiety it may
become hard for you to communicate with
others let alone flash them a genuine
smile unfortunately this can make people
perceive you as self-conscious and
standoffish on the flip side those who
have broader smiles see fewer problems
with anxiety and insecurity how
confident are you your smile can help
you come across as confident and
professional for example a person with a
big eager smile on their face is
perceived as flexible reliable and
trustworthy people around also believe
that such individuals are able to cope
with problems and challenges bed
than those who more closed off or don't
smile as much how happy are you dr. Paul
Ekman a pioneering psychologist when it
comes to the study of facial expressions
and emotions once conducted an
experiment in which he learned to
organize his facial muscles in
particular expressions he found that
every time he did this he felt the very
emotion he was trying to mimic for
example when he smiled broadly he
started to feel happy these results
encouraged him to run one more study
this time he along with his research
team examined college students brain
scans though researchers found that no
matter whether a person's smile was
spontaneous or purposeful their brain
activity was almost identical this means
that the subjects felt happier even when
their smiles were forced
how can your smile help you in your
professional life
a confident smile speaks of leadership
skills and professionalism you'll also
come across as a knowledgeable and
intelligent person who can solve
problems and overcome challenges on top
of that people will believe that you're
honest trustworthy and reliable in your
personal life a broad smile indicates
that you are approachable and ready to
accept people it'll also show that
you're happy and satisfied with yourself
and your life one more benefit of a big
smile is that it makes people seem more
attractive practice different types of
smiles like dr. Eggman you can also
train your facial muscles to display and
feel certain emotions a rewarding smile
if you want to show that you're pleased
with someone's work or something they've
done you can practice making a rewarding
smile just pull your lips upwards and
expose your teeth lift your eyebrows
slightly and try to smile so that little
wrinkles appear on the outsides of your
eyes a friendly smile this smile will
help you communicate to people that you
like or are interested in getting to
know them press your lips together and
smile you can also try to create little
dimples near the corners of your mouth
a dominant smile a dominant smile can
help you display confidence when you
need others to understand that you know
what you're talking about or doing keep
your lips pressed together but raise one
corner into a smile make sure the eye on
that corner has a little crow's feet
around it turn your head a tiny bit to
the side and upwards to expose this
smiling side of your face how can you
make your smile even more attractive
involve your eyes the difference between
a fake and genuine smile is all in the
eyes that's why if your smile doesn't
reach your eyes and create those little
wrinkles on the outer corners you won't
look like you're really feeling the
emotion you're trying to express take
care of your teeth stained or crooked
teeth can depending on the culture come
across as a bit unattractive of course
your teeth don't have to be perfect
but if they're a source of insecurity
for you then you can always try
whitening or realigning them if not then
that's great you still have to brush and
floss them twice a day though pay
attention to your gums if your gums are
swollen or tender this may be caused by
bacteria that have formed plaque on your
teeth known as gingivitis this condition
often comes with bad breath which can
cause problems in both your personal and
professional life plus it can be a
pretty serious dental issue when left
untreated so if you have swollen tender
or bloody gums make an appointment with
your dentist ASAP watch your diet and
ditch bad habits what you eat influences
the condition of your teeth for instance
a diet high in sugar can lead to tooth
decay the same goes for drinking too
much coffee and smoking try to limit
these harmful activities if you want
your smile to be attractive healthy and
bright
[Music]
have you recognized your smile among the
ones mentioned today tell us in the
comments below
remember to give this video a thumbs up
share it with your friends and subscribe
to join us on the bright side of life
[Music]